NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

In particular, information about assumptions and estimation uncertainties and critical
judgements in applying accounting policies that have the most significant effect on the
amounts recognised in the consolidated financial statements are described in the following
notes:

Note 6 Acquisitions and disposals of subsidiaries and non-controlling interests
Note 15 Intangible assets

Note 16 Investments in associates and joint ventures

Note 17 Other investments and receivables

Note 18 Deferred tax assets and liabilities

Note 28 Employee benefits

Note 30 Provisions

Note 32 Financial risk management and financial instruments

Note 34 Contingencies

(e) Changes in accounting policies

HEINEKEN has adopted the following new standards and amendments to standards,
including any consequential amendments to other standards, with a date of initial application
of 1 January 2015:

« Amendments to IAS 19 Defined Benefit Plans: Employee Contributions

» Amendments to IFRSs Annual Improvements to IFRSs 2010-2012 Cycle and 2011-2013 Cycle

These changes had no significant impact on the disclosures or amounts recognised
in HEINEKEN’s consolidated financial statements.

3. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

General
The accounting policies set out below have been applied consistently to all periods presented
in these consolidated financial statements and have been applied consistently by HEINEKEN
entities.

(a) Basis of consolidation

(i) Business combinations
Business combinations are accounted for using the acquisition method as at the acquisition
date, which is the date on which control is transferred to HEINEKEN. HEINEKEN controls
an entity when it is exposed to, or has rights to, variable returns from its involvement with the
entity and has the ability to affect those returns through its power over the entity.
HEINEKEN measures goodwill at the acquisition date as the fair value of the consideration
transferred plus the fair value of any previously held equity interest in the acquiree and the
recognised amount of any non-controlling interests in the acquiree, less the net recognised
amount (generally fair value) of the identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed. When
the excess is negative, a bargain purchase gain is recognised immediately in profit or loss.
The consideration transferred does not include amounts related to the settlement
of pre-existing relationships. Such amounts are generally recognised in profit or loss.
Costs related to the acquisition, other than those associated with the issue of debt or equity
securities, that HEINEKEN incurs in connection with a business combination are expensed
as incurred.

HEINEKEN HOLDING N.V. ANNUAL REPORT 2015
34
