NOTES TO THE BALANCE SHEET

AS AT 31 DECEMBER 2015

AND THE INCOME STATEMENT FOR 2015
OF HEINEKEN HOLDING NV.

Reporting entity
Heineken Holding N.V. (the ‘Company’) is a company domiciled in the Netherlands.

Basis of preparation
The Company financial statements have been prepared in accordance with the provisions
of Part 9 of Book 2 of the Dutch Civil Code. The Company uses the option of Section 362,
subsection 8, of Part 9, Book 2, of the Dutch Civil Code to prepare the Company financial
statements on the basis of the same accounting principles as those applied for the
consolidated financial statements. These consolidated financial statements are prepared
in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) as endorsed by the
European Union (EU) and also comply with the financial reporting requirements included
in Part 9 of Book 2 of the Dutch Civil Code. Only IFRSs adopted by the EU have been applied
in preparation of the consolidated financial statements. For a further description of these
principles see the notes to the consolidated financial statements.

Heineken Holding N.V. presents a condensed income statement using the facility
of Article 402 of Part 9, Book 2, of the Dutch Civil Code.

The amounts disclosed in the notes to the balance sheet and income statement are
in millions of Euro, unless otherwise indicated.

The financial statements have been prepared by the Board of Directors of the Company
and authorised for issue on 9 February 2016 and will be submitted for adoption to the Annual
General Meeting of Shareholders on 21 April 2016.

Significant accounting policies

Financial fixed assets
Participating interests in entities over which the Company has control are incorporated in the
Company financial statements, using the net asset value method of accounting.

Shareholders’ equity
The translation reserve and other legal reserves are recognised in accordance with the Dutch
Civil Code.

Profit of participating interests
The share in the result of participating interests consists of the share of the Company in the
result of these participating interests.

NOTEI PARTICIPATING INTEREST IN HEINEKEN N.V.

The interest of Heineken Holding N.V. in Heineken NV. is 50.005 per cent of the issued capital
(being 50.560 per cent (2014: 50.126 per cent) of the outstanding capital following the
purchase of own shares by Heineken N.V.). The nominal value of the Heineken N.V. shares held
by the Company amounted to EUR461 million as at 31 December 2015 (EUR461 million as at
31 December 2014).

HEINEKEN HOLDING N.V. ANNUAL REPORT 2015
22
