NOTES TO THE BALANCE SHEET

AS AT 31 DECEMBER 2016

AND THE INCOME STATEMENT FOR 2016
OF HEINEKEN HOLDING NV.

Reporting entity
Heineken Holding N.V. (the ‘Company’) is a company domiciled in the Netherlands.

Basis of preparation
The Company financial statements have been prepared in accordance with the provisions
of Part 9 of Book 2 of the Dutch Civil Code. The Company uses the option of Section 362,
subsection 8, of Part 9, Book 2, of the Dutch Civil Code to prepare the Company financial
statements on the basis of the same accounting principles as those applied for the consoli-
dated financial statements. Valuation is based on recognition and measurement requirements
of accounting standards adopted by the EU (i.e. only IFRS that is adopted for use in the EU at
the date of authorisation) as explained further in the notes to the consolidated financial
statements.

The amounts disclosed in the notes to the balance sheet and income statement are
in millions of Euro, unless otherwise indicated.

The financial statements have been prepared by the Board of Directors of the Company and
authorised for issue on 14 February 2017 and will be submitted for adoption to the Annual
General Meeting of Shareholders on 20 April 2017.

Significant accounting policies

Financial fixed assets
Participating interests in entities over which the Company has control are incorporated in the
Company financial statements, using the net asset value method of accounting.

Shareholders’ equity
The translation reserve and other legal reserves are recognised in accordance with the Dutch
Civil Code.

Profit of participating interests
The share in the result of participating interests consists of the share of the Company in the
result of these participating interests.

NOTEI PARTICIPATING INTEREST IN HEINEKEN N.V.

The interest of Heineken Holding N.V. in Heineken NV. is 50.005 per cent of the issued capital
(being 50.560 per cent (2015: 50.560 per cent) of the outstanding capital following the
purchase of own shares by Heineken N.V.). The nominal value of the Heineken N.V. shares held
by the Company amounted to EUR461 million as at 31 December 2016 (EUR461 million as at
31 December 2015).

HEINEKEN HOLDING N.V. ANNUAL REPORT 2016
22
