NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

In particular, information about assumptions and estimation uncertainties and critical
judgements in applying accounting policies that have the most significant effect on the
amounts recognised in the consolidated financial statements are described in the following
notes:

Note 6 Acquisitions and disposals of subsidiaries and non-controlling interests
Note 15 Intangible assets

Note 16 Investments in associates and joint ventures

Note 17 Other investments and receivables

Note 18 Deferred tax assets and liabilities

Note 26 Employee benefits

Note 28 Provisions

Note 29 Trade and other payables

Note 30 Financial risk management and financial instruments

Note 32 Contingencies

(e) Changes in accounting policies

(i) Netting cash pooling arrangements with legally enforceable rights to offset
HEINEKEN previously presented the cash and overdraft balances within cash pooling arrange-
ments on a net basis in the statement of financial position, based on the legally enforceable
right to offset and the intention to settle on a net basis. In March 2016 the IFRS Interpreta-
tions Committee (IFRIC) decided on when and whether entities are able to offset balances
in accordance with IAS 32. HEINEKEN has revised its accounting policy accordingly, by applying
the stricter IFRIC interpretation on the intention to settle on a net basis.

This change in accounting policy has been accounted for retrospectively and as a result
of this, the amount of ‘Cash and cash equivalents’ and ‘Bank overdrafts and commercial papers’
increased by EUR2,408 million as per 31 December 2015. Legal offset rights for the cash
pooling arrangements continue to be in place. The amount subject to legal offset rights, but
not netted in the statement of financial position is EUR1,489 million per 31 December 2016.
If netted, ‘Cash and cash equivalents’ would amount to EUR1,546 million and ‘Bank overdrafts
and commercial papers’ to EUR180 million. Refer to note 21 for further details. The Net inter-
est-bearing debt position remains unchanged.

(ii) Other changes

HEINEKEN has adopted the following new standards and amendments to standards,

including any consequential amendments to other standards, with a date of initial application

of 1 January 2016:

* Disclosure Initiative (amendments to IAS 1)

« Regulatory Deferral Accounts (IFRS 14)

« Accounting for Acquisitions of Interests in Joint Operations (amendments to IFRS 11)

= Bearer Plants (amendments to IAS 16 and IAS 41)

® Classification of Acceptable Methods of Depreciation and Amortisation (amendments
to IAS 16 and IAS 38)

» Applying the consolidation exemption (amendment to IFRS 10, IFRS 12 and IAS 28)

« Equity method in separate financial statements (amendments to IAS 27)

« Annual Improvements to IFRS's 2012-2014 Cycle

These changes had no significant impact on the disclosures or amounts recognised
in HEINEKEN’s consolidated financial statements.

HEINEKEN HOLDING N.V. ANNUAL REPORT 2016
34
