NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

1. REPORTING ENTITY

Heineken Holding N.V. (the ‘Company’) is a company domiciled in the Netherlands. The

address of the Company's registered office is Tweede Weteringplantsoen 5, Amsterdam.

The consolidated financial statements of the Company as at and for the year ended

31 December 2016 comprise Heineken Holding N.V., Heineken N.V., its subsidiaries (together
referred to as ‘HEINEKEN’ and individually as ‘HEINEKEN’ entities) and HEINEKEN’s interest

in jointly controlled entities and associates. The Company is registered in the Trade Register

of Amsterdam No. 33078624. HEINEKEN is primarily involved in the brewing and selling of beer.

2. BASIS OF PREPARATION

(a) Statement of compliance
The consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with International
Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) as endorsed by the European Union (EU) and also comply
with the financial reporting requirements included in Part 9 of Book 2 of the Dutch Civil Code.
All standards and interpretations issued by the International Accounting Standards Board
(IASB) and the International Financial Reporting Interpretations Committee (IFRIC) effective
year-end 2016 have been adopted by the EU. Consequently, the accounting policies applied
by the Company also comply fully with IFRS as issued by the IASB.

The consolidated financial statements have been prepared by the Board of Directors of the
Company and authorised for issue on 14 February 2017 and will be submitted for adoption
to the Annual General Meeting of Shareholders on 20 April 2017.

(b) Basis of measurement
The consolidated financial statements have been prepared on the historical cost basis unless
otherwise indicated.

The methods used to measure fair values are discussed further in notes 3 and 4.

(c) Functional and presentation currency

These consolidated financial statements are presented in Euro, which is the

Company's functional currency. All financial information presented in Euro has been rounded
to the nearest million unless stated otherwise.

(d) Use of estimates and judgements
The preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with IFRS requires
management to make judgements, estimates and assumptions that affect the application
of accounting policies and the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, income and expenses.
Actual results may differ from these estimates.
Estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an ongoing basis. Revisions
to accounting estimates are recognised in the period in which the estimates are revised and
in any future periods affected.

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2016
33
