85

Heineken
NV.
Annual
Report.
2024

Introduction

Report
of the
Executive
Board

Report
of the
Supervisory
Board

Financial

Statements

Sustainability
Statements

Other
Information

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

1. Reporting entity

Heineken N.V. (the ‘Company’ is a public company domiciled in the Netherlands, with its head office in
Amsterdam. The address of the Company's registered office is Tweede Weteringplantsoen 21, 1017 ZD,
Amsterdam. The consolidated financial statements of the Company as at 31 December 2024 comprise the
Company, its subsidiaries (together referred to as ‘HEINEKEN’) and HEINEKEN's interests in joint ventures and
associates. The Company is registered in the Trade Register of Amsterdam No. 33011433. HEINEKEN is
primarily involved in the brewing and selling of beer and cider. Led by the Heineken® brand, HEINEKEN has a
range of more than 340 international, regional, local and speciality beers and ciders.

2. Basis of preparation
The consolidated financial statements are:

— Prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) as adopted by the
European Union (EU) and comply with the financial reporting requirements included in Part 9 of Book 2 of
the Dutch Civil Code. All standards and interpretations issued by the International Accounting Standards
Board (IASB) and the International Financial Reporting Interpretations Committee (IFRIC) effective year-
end 2024 have been adopted by the EU.

— Prepared by the Executive Board of the Company and authorised for issue on 11 February 2025 and will

e submitted for adoption to the Annual General Meeting of Shareholders on 17 April 2025.

— Prepared on the historical cost basis unless otherwise indicated.

— Prepared on a going concern basis.

— Presented in Euro, which is the Company's functional currency.

— Rounded to the nearest million unless stated otherwise.

3. Significant events in the period and accounting estimates and judgements

a) Significant accounting estimates and judgement

In preparing these consolidated financial statements, management is required to make estimates and
judgements that affect the application of accounting policies and the reported amounts of assets and
liabilities, income and expenses.

The application of accounting policies requires judgements that impact the amounts recognised.
Additionally, amounts recognised are based on factors that are by default associated with uncertainty. Actual
results may therefore differ from estimates. Where applicable, the estimates and judgements are described
per note within the consolidated financial statements.

The following notes contain the most significant estimates and judgements:

Particular area involving significant estimates and judgements Note

Significant judgement

Judgement on acting as principal versus agent with respect to 6.1 Operating segments

excise tax expense

10.3 Investments in associates and joint
ventures

Judgement used in assessing significant or prolonged decline in

the fair value of the investment for indication of impairment
Assessment of the recoverability of past tax losses 12.2 Deferred tax assets and liabilities

Significant estimates

8.1 Intangible assets and 8.2 Property, plant
and equipment

Assumptions used in impairment testing

Assumptions for discount rates, future pension increases and life 9.1 Post-retirement obligations
expectancy to calculate the defined benefit obligation
Estimating the likelihood and timing of potential cash flows relating 9.2 Provisions and 9.3 Contingencies

to daims and litigations

All estimates and judgements are disclosed in the notes to the consolidated financial statements (if applicable).

(b) Climate change

In preparing the consolidated financial statements, HEINEKEN has considered climate change, including
climate change scenarios and the Brew a Better World (BaBW) ambitions, on the estimates and judgements
used in preparing the consolidated financial statements.

The following impacts were assessed in the consolidated financial statements:

— The impact of climate change on the residual values and useful lives of assets were considered in
determining the carrying value of non-current assets (refer to note 8.1 and 8.2).

— The impact of climate change was considered in relation to the recognition and measurement of
provisions and contingencies (refer to note 9.2 and 9.3).

— The impact of climate change was considered in relation to indications of impairment and the forecast of

cash flows used in the impairment assessments of non-current assets including goodwill (refer to note 8.1
and 8.2).

For the year ended 31 December 2024, no material impact on financial reporting judgement and estimates
arising from climate change was identified. As a result the valuations of assets or liabilities have not been
significantly impacted by climate change risks.
